content/opportunity/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Opportunities"

type: landing

sections:
  - block: hero
    content:
      title: ""
      subtitle: ""
      image:
        filename: "placeholder.png"
        focal_point: "center"
    design:
      background:
        video: 
          filename: "opportunity.mp4"
          size: cover # Ensures full width
          type: local
          loop: true  # Ensures the video loops continuously
          autoplay: true  # Automatically plays when the page loads
          muted: true  # Mutes the video (recommended for UX)
          position: center
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: Openings in the Lab
      text: |
        You can browse our list of open positions (if any) here, as well as get an insight on the type of positions we typically advertise by browsing through our list of previous openings. We are also supportive of hosting strong PhD candidates and researchers supported by a personal fellowship/grant.
        
        **Please note:** applications for the listed positions need to be made through the Mass General Brigham (MGB) portal to be formally taken into account.
  - block: hero
    content:
      title: Post-Doctoral Fellowship in Neuroimaging of Alzheimer's Disease
      image:
        # Reference an image in your `assets/media/` folder
        filename: postdoc-r01.svg
      text: |
        NIA R01 - Multimodal Computational Neuroimaging, Big Data, Neuropsychiatric Symptoms, & Alzheimer’s Disease.
  - block: hero
    content:
      title: Post-Doctoral Fellowship in Neuroimaging of Substance Use
      image:
        # Reference an image in your `assets/media/` folder
        filename: postdoc-t32.svg
      text: |
        NIDA T32 - Drug Abuse & Brain Imaging Training Program
---

Commit message:

Attempt to insert collection block into opportunity page.

content/opportunity/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Opportunities"

type: landing

sections:
  - block: hero
    content:
      title: ""
      subtitle: ""
      image:
        filename: "placeholder.png"
        focal_point: "center"
    design:
      background:
        video: 
          filename: "opportunity.mp4"
          size: cover # Ensures full width
          type: local
          loop: true  # Ensures the video loops continuously
          autoplay: true  # Automatically plays when the page loads
          muted: true  # Mutes the video (recommended for UX)
          position: center
  - block: collection
    id: lab-opportunities
    content:
      title: Openings in the Lab
      subtitle: ''
      text: |
        You can browse our list of open positions (if any) here, as well as get an insight on the type of positions we typically advertise by browsing through our list of previous openings. We are also supportive of hosting strong PhD candidates and researchers supported by a personal fellowship/grant.
        
        **Please note:** applications for the listed positions need to be made through the Mass General Brigham (MGB) portal to be formally taken into account.
      # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
      count: 2
      # Filter on criteria
      filters:
        # The folders to display content from
        folders:
          - opportunity
        author: ""
        category: ""
        tag: ""
        publication_type: ""
        featured_only: false
        exclude_featured: false
        exclude_future: false
        exclude_past: false
      # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
      # Useful if you wish to show the first item in the Featured widget
      offset: 0
      # Field to sort by, such as Date or Title
      sort_by: 'Date'
      sort_ascending: false
    design:
      # Choose a listing view
      view: card
---
